Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/development/client-keys.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The client.keys file stores the data used to authenticate secure agents. For more information and examples, visit this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The client.keys file stores the data used to authenticate secure agents. For more information and examples, check this section of the Wazuh documentation.
```
